The most challenging feature to implement in this compiler, for me at least, was the optimization feature. Given how there's already a lot of code in the compiler, it was hard to determine how and where the optimization would fit. It's also meant to remove any null operations and dead code, but it's hard to determine which ones to remove given all the functions in the final test file are used and all variables used are modified. On top of that, it was kind of difficult to figure out how to track the performance of the compiler whether optimization was used or not. The closest I got to figuring that out was putting the word "time" in front of the compilation and run commands to determine how long it took. The optimizer, in this case, is meant to improve performance and reduce compilation time and run time by removing unneeded variables and code. This not only reduces file sizes due to code being removed, but it also frees up registers and designated memory that can be used by other variables, thus reducing time that would be taken to replace values in the registers. On top of that, it makes the code easier to read and it makes it easier for the code generator to read and translate into machine code. If I had to do something different if I started this project over, I would combine all the scripts required for the compiler into one script. That way, if I had to edit a certain section of the code, I would simply scroll to it instead of opening files. I would also have it so that the program reads each keyword and puts them in arrays, then executes functions and generates code based on what the keywords are. I don't think the size of the compiler would change, but it would make things easier for me.

Notes: My terminal won't let me use the --optimize command, and my compiler already comes with an optimizer function. Also, the part of the final test file involving printing string values had to be modified to match up with the grammar defined in my compiler, such as using "output_string" instead of "print" and adding "\n" at the end of each string to print a new line because "output_string" doesn't come with that function like "print" does. Also, when printing boolean variables, the compiler prints them as "true" or "false" instead of 1 or 0. Finally, when dividing a float by an integer, an integer is returned.
